e
[Music]
life everywhere there's compliations
just left in
thought oh little
dreams
dreams won't you come
[Music]
dreams dreams
here
[Music]
dreamss
dreams dreams won't you show me to be
[Music]
it oh dreams
oh oh little
dreams
dreams dream
[Music]
so you're going to Read's of the cave
got to warn you it's not easy
[Music]
before you explore there are a few
things you should
[Music]
know smile GRE in Thea you're a ghing in
my pocket
myor best I've
[Music]
evering but I
you cross
cross I'm making for you
[Music]
and okay thank
you thank you thank thank
you thank
you right okay Boomer BR 21 with the dog
doing now Adam hurricane krina more like
hurricane tortilla let me be clear
Adam
okay welcome one welcome all welcome
spring welcome fall welcome Heaven
welcome hell to uh the Viet Pony live
stream um let me turn out my micophone
really
Qui guys baddy I will unleash you where
are
you you're Unleashed no you're not
you're
Unleashed I eat and devour babies hold
up true true
true that's bad bad's here everyone say
hi
baddy um I'm not sick
anymore can you believe it guys I was
sick for like a week and a half but I'm
sick of it I'm sick of being
sick I can eat spicy food
again you know what that means it means
uh it it's the return of sponsored by
which is
great um me let me wait until we start
our main event to do that
but um
okay let's let's oh I forgot to open
Steam let's open Steam you guys can you
guys watch Drago while I go open Steam
oh
yeah oh yeah
yeah oh
yeah okay 20 friend requests guys stop
sending friend requests I'm not going to
answer
them where are we theum
nice um nice
okay so I'm not sick anymore we can go
uh disco Lum mode and [__]
um here's here's the
R
so
my Bakugon hyper fixation is like coming
back slowly but
Charlie and it's a
problem
um I left all my Bakugan in
California so I went through and I
ordered a bunch of
like so a bunch of like eBay po
Bakugan and uh I'm going to do like I'm
going to try and do like an unboxing
video for
Youtube and
uh it's going to get like no
views but only the real ones will know
only the real ones will get it
but the uh the the first the first non
wait is it the first non music video
hold
on the first non-music
video of my YouTube channel for 2025 is
probably going to be a Bakugon unboxing
video
um it's I have this current YouTube
channel the musicians Ponyville Channel
or basically the Violet Pony channel uh
before that I had the Cobalion Channel
which you know is is lore around here at
this point but the channel I had before
that is
gone um and I was never able to recover
like an
archive.org Wayback machine thing of my
first YouTube channel because it was too
obscure and too
obscure but I I have evidence of its
existence um I've been able to find some
of the things that were put up on there
but not all of
them unfortunately my original Bakugan
unboxing videos from
like 2008 2009 are gone and the reason
why is cu even though I have the a lot
of my computer files from that time
period i YouTube used to have a feature
where you could use your we webcam to
film a video directly to YouTube that's
how I made the Bakugon unboxing videos
so I had a shitty webcam and I pointed
it at the floor and I unboxed the Bak
gun
there but
um some videos did survive on I didn't
make through that method which is
interesting
um but my basically my Bakugon
hyperfixation is returning I didn't ask
for this but it it is what it is you
live you learn uh
and some funny luras that in oh it must
have been 2008
2009 oh man it must been 2008 2009 I
used
to uh frequent this website called Baku
space it was the my first exposure to
social media
ever um the literal first thing the one
of the first things I ever did on the
internet was was be a part of the Baku
space website it basically Facebook it
was basically early Facebook for Bakugan
the Bakugan
Community
um like it was such a de it was like a
small community couple thousand people
couple hundred people something like
that but everyone was like really really
into it and the whole deal was they had
a chat room set up where you could
battle with other people like completely
online you just like told the chat bot
or whatever like whatever the [__] you
had and then it handled the
rest
um and that's where I developed
the the uh username darkest
peral that that was my original like
online username was darkus Paro darkus
is the type and peral is the Bakugan
specifically
um
and
uh that came before the iate the moon
username I
think cuz I I at the moon was for my
Warcraft Resurgence
era which was uh a bit a bit
later cuz I played Warcraft I played
world not World of War but like Warcraft
3 was one of my favorite games when I
was younger and I mean let's see if my
let's see if my [__] thing doesn't
freak out when I do this uh okay my
thing freaked out oh that well okay my
thing which just freaked out was my
skyus for for whatever reason one of the
Bakugan that did make it with me from
California is my Aqua
skyus so yeah I'm not sure why I have
this one specifically but it is my Bel
but anyway
um I owned
this it's
crazy
um I first played Warcraft 3 like in
2005 or 2006 guys I'm old I'm [__]
now I'm sorry I'm
sorry I first played Warcraft 3 2005 or
2006 um and the reason why is because I
[__] you not I had to like my parents
wouldn't let me a home alone so um
during like the Summers I would have to
like camp out in my dad's like office at
his work and he just had like a a laptop
with like some [__] on it and he's like
here's a bunch of games as well he
plugged in a hard drive and in there is
like a bunch of like actually like
pirated games like just like compiled
which was fire
um and that's how I learned to Pirate by
the way but that aside
uh uh in that list I was looking through
the list and I see this thing Warcraft 3
I'm like oh that's interesting oh that's
interesting I I'll give it a run and I
played the whole ass [__]
campaign I played the whole last [__]
Warcraft 3 campaign in this goddamn
office
um and uh
Warcraft 3 is a great game blizzard I
[__] hate you blizzard [__] you
blizzard bird in hell but uh you did you
did make a good game like 20 years ago
so that's nice
um okay I didn't I didn't complete all
achievements I like beat the
campaign uh but that said uh where am I
where am I where am I going with this
wait why did I get here wait I forgotten
why I'm talking about
this it's a good
memory Warcraft
3 okay okay so now I remember why so
Warcraft 3 um I played it just single
player and I really loved it and then I
sort of stopped playing it and then um I
had my Bakugan era of stuff and then
after the Bakugon era not that it ever
really died but after its
apex uh I got back into Warcraft 3 and
that's when I made the i i the moon
username so by technicality my first
username was dark as paral but I didn't
really use it for anything other than
like chatting online and stuff so I the
moon was originally like supposed to be
something I could use
for for uh posting
stuff um though I believe my this is to
back to the original YouTube channel I
was talking about and I think it was
called darkest
paral but it wasn't supposed to be a
serious YouTube channel I
think I don't know I'm trying to piece
together my history a little bit but
long story short um two things one I've
ordered a darkest personal and that's
one of the ones I'll attempt to unbox
the other one is there was this thing
called
a dual
hydranoid darkus heavy metal B1 so I'm
my [__] my [__] autism is going to
shine bright like a diamond right now
um there was there was
the let's see
here can we get it can we get it can we
get it okay
okay uh that's not that's a Deca wait a
minute that's a
Deca oh this works or does it work no
that's not real that's fake oh there we
go okay nice sorry I'm talking to myself
um there is a Bakugan
called the Dual headed
hydranoid
and this was like my most beloved thing
that I didn't
own this one was kind of
rare specifically the darkest version of
this it's just like the typing and the
color
Etc
um and I wanted one so [__] bad and I
had a friend in in Middle School named
Mitchell uh who was a great above
me
and I would have been in like fifth
grade
maybe fifth grade sixth grade it been
fifth grade where Mitchell shows up to
school one day he has one of
these
I this is so embarrassing
but I
like every day he came to school after
he showed this I begged
him and like like un like un like my
knees to have this I would do anything
and it took days of just begging and
begging and
begging and then eventually he gave it
to me poor dude it was like rightfully
his but he gave it to
me they [__] gave it to me what a
legend uh and I don't have it anymore
which is the saddest part I don't know
where the [__] this thing went it's
probably still in California
um but obviously it doesn't really
[__] matter now it's like a $10 $15
toy that he probably didn't give a [__]
about anymore um like so many people
fell out of favor with Bakugan like it
just it just was just one of those cash
grab
franchises and so like a lot of people
don't really give a [__] about Bakugan
which is fine um
but this wasn't even the premier Bakugan
so what you're looking at right now is
what's called a B2 this is where I'm
going to start getting a [__] nerd uh
the B2 Bakugon were slightly larger than
the original
Bakugan
um and they have a little bit more air
in them like there's less there's less
like it's less compact it's a little bit
more Airy and floaty and
the the B2 Bakugan the bigger ones with
more holes and more air in them became
like the main style
but the
premier dual hydranoid was actually the
B1 the smaller one and you'll also
notice hold on a
second that doesn't even
have that doesn't even have and you
would be 100% correct and that is
because there is not just a B1 version
of the Dual hydranoid but a B1 version
with a metal ring around it and this was
called the the heavy metal
variant of the
Bakugan and
so long story
short the
B1 darkus dual headed hydranoid with the
heavy metal ring around it is was
extremely rare when this game was new it
was extremely rare when this game was
new and it's even a million times more
rare
now because everyone got rid of them
they're in yard Sals and [__] so
Mitchell gave me this is this is
accurate Mitchell gave me one a just a
normal plastic B2 dual dual
hydranoid and so the one I've always
wanted
was the B1 heavy metal one and it had to
be darkest because in the show you have
to understand in the show
um masquerade SL spoilers
Alice uh has the darkest variation of
hydron noids like that's her
thing
um which by the way Alice masquerade
canonically gender fluid
character which is fascinating
um so you can call them
either um but Alice had the darkest
hydron noids and so if it's in the show
and it's Canon usually that's the one
you go after so I'll put I'll put him on
[Music]
screen that was Dragonoid variant of
Dragonoid are usually they can be any of
the six main types but Dragonoid is a
pyrus like a fire type in like the main
character's Arsenal so out of the six
main types the Dragonoid you would want
for like display would be the pyus one
cuz that's like the show accurate one if
that makes sense so that said the
darkest version of the B1 version of the
heavy heavy metal version of the Dual
hydranoid variant of the hydranoid
Bakugan was so exceptionally rare when
this game was in its apex and it's much
rare now and can I just tell you I have
gotten one secondhand on the way
uh that I got for a much better price
than what is what what is being listed
in other places so this is all a
roundabout way of saying after how many
years 16 years after 16 years I'm going
to have this little piece of plastic
very soon
that's
it I needed to go through the entire
explanation first for that to hit a
little bit more better than just saying
I'm getting this
soon so 16 years and Mitchell Mitchell
who by the way I still have added to
League of Legends and so there's a
nonzero chance that uh we'll have an
interaction
again
um I'm so sorry I lost the dual
hydranoid that I begged you for for
hours and hours and
hours there's this kid there's this
other kid in our CL in our class named
Jake right Jake was The Jock type but
for whatever reason he got some
Bakugan and all he did with them is he
would go out in the schoolyard and just
throw them against the
wall like Jake was such an aggro like
such a pissed off dude all the time so
he was like
he literally bought these toys that are
like kind of delicate and kind of like
you know you're supposed to like be
gentle with them he was out here like
throwing them against the wall like what
are you doing do you
Jake and what's funny is like if you
knew my classmates and you knew Jake
you'd be like yeah he'd he'd [__]
totally do that that makes to that makes
total sense which is so funny to think
about cuz
like it's like this is a collector's
item now so it's like dude stop
it I'm sure he bought
them uh I was like the only like middle
class SL poor kid in like expensive
schools for some reason my parents like
went Head Over Heels just to like get me
into like high like a private Catholic
school education I never asked for this
but they uh they needed that to
happen so most of these kids were pretty
well off we [__] weren't though I Liv
in a
condo every time I went over to another
kid's house for for one reason or
another they'd be like three story
Mansion ass place like holy [__] you
people live in I I have like a a 2in
room it was like I just got the my fifth
Xbox I'm like I got a piece of plastic
and it's
round but you know
what here here's the thing is Bakugan
was
100% 100% like a cash grab thing like I
don't think that there was probably a
lot of thought put into Bakugan as a
concept probably and
yet holy [__] was it such a [__] cool
idea like sorry I know I'm like going
off on this cuz was like this my my
hyper fixation is back I can't help it
um what a cool idea like every now and
then cash grab ideas end up being really
interesting cuz let's see can
I I don't know if I have like a piece of
metal for this to to go on but the whole
concept
is oh skyus your little
wings skyus is always hard to close I
remember okay so it's supposed to be a
ball and then you get a piece of metal
why am I have one here
and get a piece of
metal and then it should oh it doesn't
work what is what would be magnetic
here
my cuz I don't have any of the cards or
do I I might have some of the cards one
second let me look at my transm Beast
cup okay here we go I think is this
right
that is not
right oh okay this is one I can I think
I can feel
it there we go I immediately felt the
the girth of this
one
um so this whole concept is if you look
on screen really quickly there's like
this the card thing
the whole idea is like you put down
cards on the center of the of the
playing field and then you roll your
Bakugan and then if two Bakugan one on
your side and one on the opponent's side
land on the same card then they do
battle on that card and when the card
flips over you check out like all the
bonuses that each character gets and
stuff and usually you try and like pick
cards that will benefit you and not
benefit your opponent as much so there's
like actually very fascinating strategy
going on with this also I think I
just I think I just put I
God damn
it I'm not paying
attention wait maybe I am paying
attention no I'm
not I don't know where the [__] the card
went
though guys I'm freaking it
oh there we go okay
so the cards were made of metal or like
magnetic metal stuff and so the idea is
they would roll onto the card and they
would go like this they would open into
this like actually like
intricate designed creature with all
these little like moving mechanical
parts and like sometimes they'd have
extra features like the skyus you can
pull out
the you can pull out the little legs and
stuff and then like this is so
detailed like they didn't actually skimp
out on putting a lot of interesting
intricate details on these things and
it's like for a cash grab piece of [__]
like [__] Spin Master ass thing this
[__] was
crazy that's awesome there's like actual
there's like strategies you can employ
it's not too complicated so that like
you can't get into it but it's not
simple enough that it's like unag
in and all of the signs were [__]
sick too so like I'm sorry I am actually
like fullblown into my Bakugon moment
for a second uh so like skyus this is
like the normal skyus not the storm
skyus had uh like this design in the
Show versus its like actual toy design
it's so [__] cool that's ridiculously
cool there's the storms that's so skyus
is uh canonically Ventus and I have an
aquous one which makes no sense um uh I
think everyone anyone who knows Bakugan
which is's probably like five people in
chat but shout out to the five people in
chat who
know the the big one the crazy one was
when prus got into circulation cuz like
preus like kind of [__] up the cannon
of the show a little bit because ooh
they have a little wheel in the middle
that can change its typ
everyone wanted a [__] prus everyone
wanted a [__] prus
dude like it's so it's so it's so clever
it's so clever everyone wanted a [__]
prus and then like why is he kind of
like [__] though like in the
show who gave him permission to be this
way you know what I
mean like who like that's just a guy
that's just a
dude who who gave him permission to be
this
way um oh yeah prus 2 which is the
Angelo Angelo Diablo one which is like
double-sided so like the normal thing is
like ooh the Bakugan it rolls and then
it like transforms but like this one
there were magnets on both sides and you
would just have to like it's kind of
like chance as to which character you
would get they'd have different stats
and different like numbers and stuff
like this [__] brilliant you guys
kidding me that's so
cool so I'm
obsessed I need to I need to build up my
Bakugan I need to build up my Bakugon
collection once more they had so much
crazy merch for this too like can I get
the uh
Bakugon Just
Accessories like they had you if you
were a fan of this game you were [__]
spoiled for Choice cuz like you could
get little things to hold your creatures
you could get like these Arenas they
built specifically for like playing the
[__] game you would get like like big
ass carrying cases and like I don't know
they [__] have everything they they
even at one point had like a like an arm
an arm band thing that would like
calculate the characters's G's for you
and stuff like you're [__] we were so
spoiled for this like cash grab ass game
for whatever
reason but uh
yeah oh my God Maxis
Dragonoid they kept like trying to find
ways to just completely like obliterate
what you do about this [__] tiny ass
marble thing and they kept pushing and
pushing everything they could do with
the designs until they came up with this
[__] insane creature which was Max's
dragon oid where it would be Drago
Dragonoid the uh you know the
[Music]
uh and and it would be like built up of
like a bunch of other
Bakugan like this hary what do you who
is who who is doing this [__] dude like
it's
crazy oh my God like I don't give a [__]
what anyone says like this [__] was like
the most peak of like all like toys that
were coming out back in the
day
um the crazy thing was when they started
introducing the nonm marble Bakugon
people were going crazy for that shoot
too I was going crazy for that cuz it's
like you grow up with this idea of it
being a marble and then all of a sudden
non non circular shapes it's crazy and
they just kept trying to push they just
kept trying to push these ideas so
far um I respect it so
much but uh yeah that is to
say
[Music]
uh oh
yeah this is all the say the drag is
kind of a hottie okay let's move on do I
know do I know my music let's find
out
nope wait what is
this oh no
guys I don't know what this
is I I legit don't know what this
is holy [__] I might actually be
stubbed it's not a hom word song is it
guys this one actually might get
me uh it's not it's not
Wayward oh we're [__]
guys oh
no oh we're [__] okay okay okay okay
this is allowed actually no I could just
do it this
way what could be having the
ambient no no no no no no no no no no
no not a aeral cuz that could be
one no that's not down to the maob not
Apparition Locus room no no no no no no
no no no no no no no no no it sounds
earlier than fairy
tales let me turn this up for
myself okay so here's something where I
know this has
added tape his sound to it which means
it has to
be 2018 or
after because I didn't start doing that
until like Alo and Lotus
stuff so what
then [__]
what could it
be it's not Paradise valy is
it is it something from
[Music]
Aura oh it's we worked so hard to leave
Equestria now all I want is to go back
right that's it let's make sure this is
spelled
correctly
oh do you remember the song she
sang it was from fairy tales it was this
one but okay the problem with that
is I don't hear any any Morse
code that's a
problem oh wait wait wait wait wait wait
wait it's the non Morse code one from
Aura this one right no that's the morse
code version it's this one
sorry does that not say
okay well this is wrong
then because the morse code version is
the only one that shows up on fairy
tales so this is
wrong I'm going to say this one wasn't
fair move
on that one is a a bird story right yes
okay I know my
music uh pancake
sure
what what is this
it doesn't feel resolved so it can't
be I think that's an a
sharp a
sharp could be B
is that Locust
room oh okay it was the East word no
it's
Eastward okay okay okay I'll give you
the full
title I'll give you the full title will
you be happy
then will you be happy
then aw do you feel better
[Music]
now
fantasy this this was awful this was
embarrassing do the do the do do number
[Music]
F so
easy Queen is
back
narcissus uh catching
on that's not Vitality glitch I don't
know what's going on no wait oh it is
Vitality glitch
okay okay I don't know why I thought it
wasn't Vitality glitch for a second okay
that's
fair
just this one was so this one was so
rude this one was so rude can we do what
I haven't
done delivery
uh I forgot what it's called
Invasion
uh shelter
Destinies
[Music]
cool that's specifically the no matter
what 2015 version there we go I can tell
because of that seventh chord in the
background being played by the sort of
muted filtered saw
wave it's playing the one over8
pattern down the
way
nice tenderness right oh oh
no oh that's
stamina uh do it all differently
[Music]
nice I don't I know what this one is why
don't I know
it's not Apparition is
it
no oh oh what was that called that
was
Odyssey and odyssey sorry sorry sorry
sorry back to live
2018 what is wrong with you it really is
that so just called back to love it's
2018 version
though what the [__]
[Music]
ever escape
ghosts
nice
[__] I can do
it why why is this one scaring
me I know that
cord and it's pissing me
off cuz my mind wants me to tell me
wants to tell me it's I just want you to
notice me but it's not
that is
it okay no it's
not okay yeah that makes sense cuz I was
okay yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah
yeah that one's easy
Earth a
major battle against the banished
sorcerer Knight stinkle
bug that was
Nor
nice could I wait
okay I'm going to complete this I I'm
going to complete all of this I can do
itep the
creep reminds me of
voyages
okay okay was
yeah
sure is that that's not
tenderness that's a home word
right
[Music]
nice uh melin but I know how to spell it
correctly okay
cool Prince of
[Music]
OA the magical
cool that's a good score I
approve
43 is that not paint is that not pink
buet
no okay
right my Vitality is glitching
out bird story again
what oh no
it's it's eward part two
again and I have to get the full title
or else it's going to yell at me
wait who was
[Music]
that what the [__] I don't know what
that
is
oh
sure ECR if ECR is one of the easiest to
get there is like a single moment in ECR
you could show me and I wouldn't know
and I would know it's always
that
45 every little thing she
does every little things she does
because of the type of that's right I
remember I he like plucked
strings what would this
be it's an
F I don't know if it resolves an F but
that's definitely an F
chord no it's an e it's like in
between that's
e that's
F it's in between these two
see I was
right so it's micro microtune which
means be post
2018 what's an F Well it's e but it's F
but it's in between
Christ what would it
be it sounds like there's strings in
it is that not something from fish
whisper oh I don't know oh is it it's
not I still got sign T but I don't know
what else is say right
now okay it was from fish whisper it's a
soundscape diary
right yeah okay
umut is that
Nector nice
is that from
here is that the better
play oh it's everything
glimmers no not everything
glimmers all that
glimmers [__]
Christ let's see okay
41 on the
sea no matter matter what is it 2012
version or 2013
version that sounds like the 2012
kick okay
nice uh every
dream that's the bard
yeah a bird story
again
nice is that one or am I freaking out
okay I promise we'll get the Disco
again it'll just be satisfying to see
all X's
here identity again
I don't think it resolves on
that it sounds like an F major chord
that would resolve
on just a D
minor and if it's
that feels like h word
not
that let's go to say convergence cuz I
don't
remember oh that's a
from TS from Equestria I don't remember
if it's Comet
or
Rarity doing in a coffee shop at 1: a.m.
I think it's that one though yeah Rarity
dozing in a c coffee shop at 1: a.m.
Rarity dozing in a coffee shop at 1:00
a.m. thank
you Street w
girls who are
Wizards which by the
way by the way um I can just pull this
up cuz it's over here but that was a
reference and girls for
wizards is it going to take a million
[Music]
years B cam come on
so that's actually a reference to
this uh another donut wait is it
here is it not
here oh it is I can
read another donut exra
[Music]
sprinkles and then that was re
referenced in horse friends
here I'll take a
cider and another donut extra sprinkles
and then there's
[Music]
this no one else is going to know that
reference so I have to tell people
um it was spike it is Spike
so another Dona is a song I made with
silver 13 years
ago
anyway very nice very
helpful [__] talk me why
not
okay oh that's
wonderful cool okay so let's
see okay we're missing quite a few
here and then not a lot okay so that's
main that's the bulk of it is all over
here let's do it
way farer what the [__] is the way farer
challenge by the
way a base
Canon and
[Music]
ay uh honeymoon
face is a
pest okay
I couldn't tell if it was pest for a
second but there was like the the swung
rhythms and everything in the horns
[Music]
maybe that's there's a menu theme
nestled within us
all Prince of AIA
again what is it called
it's that one song from Alo and Lotus
it's
called Sleepless yeah it's
Sleepless wait is that play dead
or that sounds like play dead
what
okay do you feel better
now honeymoon phase again I was about to
type again
what I can sing that out
but what is it I have no
idea
skip
what
oh Harbor part two how do we spell that
according to the database
that was
weird stop let me copy thank
you it
wasn't it
wasn't it wasn't a dear bro okay that's
[Music]
fine is that uh shelter destiny
again
no Oh that's oh why did I miss
that why did I miss that
what is
that is that mad this
time that's not mad this
time is that my letter to the
princess [__] I I don't like that song
man color L
nice 35
[Music]
no matter what
nice Paradise valy so easy cuz
it's that oh hold on before I
forget
nice is that Sleepless again
is that reflected in the eyes of the
cavern lurker
again
nice
34 play dead play dead
happy there's a pony and sea selling sea
shells
Cee what
oh it is
sludge wait sludge is in here is
Princess C here in
here
guys is it space
[Music]
Garden
constellation
CR 33
cutie
marks no matter what
[Music]
2015 let's fly to the
castle oh what's it called true
[Music]
beauty shelter destinies
intertwined in the name of friendship I
I could I could never get that one
[__]
wrong and the adventures of puny whoop
imitation
game everything
glimmer
31 that's a that's a an omni sphere
patch so it has to be fairy tales are
older or newer I mean
[Music]
sorry it sounds like fresh but I don't
know what it could be oh it's I still
got something to teach you isn't
it okay
cool uh Square One
[Music]
Diaries I
kept absence of
comfort in the absence of comfort Christ
almighty
29 everything
glimmer is it a bit of a monster or a
bit of a monster I don't bit of a
monster okay that's
fine facing Oblivion to become the load
star this one got mad at me last time
for the
title it's going to
be wish I could tell you
nope it
isn't
okay over
Equestria that that one probably scare
people that I got
though all I can say is I actually know
tails for Equestria cuz I love that
album let's fly to the castle
that's not the Colossus that's the other
one I don't remember what it's called
graffiti not sure what that one
is finally finally a good [__]
song that
yeah okay it want the Greek version
Greek people
United
[Music]
so what
oh honeymoon pH I don't know why I've
scuffed that
[Music]
one finally a good [__] song from
night Equestria
1988 what
it makes me
think I don't
know I know that percussion sound
it's just tennis yeah
um let
SK it was
graffiti I like there reming the
percussion from
graffiti but I didn't remember it being
so quiet
there is that
is that
up wow okay
nice I don't think we've gotten that one
on the pwn all before
intertwined the magic
show
Apparition no matter what
2023 no 20 no
2023 is that Strange World Strange World
okay we're almost there just the very
bottom
now just is that one just the one and
that's just the
one just one to go number
[Music]
five great City
Earnest non-existent meat
cute is that one also Rarity
dozing dozing in a coffee shop at 1:00
a.m. nice
so that's either every dream or strange
world every
strange every
dream wait what oh that was it okay we
won I bet someone has a better score
than me at this entire thing so
far I looked in for that yeah no no airl
and after songs very interesting and
here anything from arite and after I
don't think we heard anything from super
world 2016 nothing from control freaks
nothing from horse friends nothing from
tlight nothing from Winter's end nothing
from 2016 love letters nothing from
apathy which I get it's like everything
past Mystic acoustic I actually we
didn't hear mytic Acoustics did we it's
like Tales From equestri and onward
except for hour and after is all we've
heard and also fairy tales is just like
every other [__] one
fairy tales is too big man
okay let's visit the bullan champion in
his house of home
I heard some of the eth eth canes very
cool I'll listen to it and fold at some
point
it's taking its sweet time
here is this a
freeze mhm
[Music]
go
set the noxious odor emanating from the
drunken man is strong and familiar don't
you call her yeah don't call
AB
uh you're not going to get anything out
of this guy he's too
drunk he snorts and beckons you to lean
in down call
AB don't call
abigal don't call abig
the man hiccups then mumbles something
unintelligible there's no use in yaling
at drunks he's barely holding it
together the drunk man starts coughing a
really disgusting hacking cough don't
you [__] call her hear
me
AB okay don't no don't
call there was little chance should' be
a reliable witness
anyway good to see you friend do I have
deals set up for you buddy
boy so what do you want I got smokes
they're cheap very cheap I got pills now
great deal you won't get a better deal
on that piss Spirits I can let go for
300 R I also have speed and by speed I
mean
amphetamin hi by amphetamin I mean
speed all right what I said good good my
man now what can I offer
you you get intellect from
smoking oh the system's been good to Old
Rosemary here and I'm milking her like a
[__] goat in the
backyard you see friend man makes his
own lack and I made mine real good got
my hands on three bottles of liquor
exqueeze sold two to the fellows around
here and immediately invested the profit
bought cigarettes bought beer even
bought a bit of speed and look at me now
I got everyone on my hook the hook where
is it I can't see it
mhm hook them and cook them huh you want
to buy something let's keep it
moving in the Civilized world it's
accustomed to tip the shopkeep friend
but come back
anyway okay dear row
[Music]
let's see where what haven't we checked
out here
yet what we were what were we
doing it's been like a
week this is not open is it I thought it
was closed
maybe
oh guys should I take the rough the the
stuffed gr taxidermy
hello
mister she clutches a small stuffed
animal occasionally she Twirls it
around Lily your surname is not by
chance cloud is
it yes I am Little Lily you know my mom
that's nice my mom is great she's never
angry or
anything yes they don't want to play
with me they're older and play outside
they look the
same sometimes I can't tell them part
they look
identic it's a grous wasn't G the
cafeteria manager tried to repair a
piece of Taxi
building I don't know sure just go and
get it I don't like it anyways it looks
angry all right you just need to grab it
from the ceiling and go it's lamby he's
my friend
so like lambi is a stuffed lamb that
admittedly has seen better days one of
the eye buttons is missing and the fur
is tattered in several
parts whenever I hear the word grous I
think of this
like new age song my parents used to put
on let's
that there's this like nature album that
my parents put into like a CD player for
me when I was sleeping as a kid
kid and uh track 2 is called a grous
dance so whenever I whenever I think
about grous the animal I think about the
[Music]
song I been thinking about this I I'm
going thinking about sampling this album
cuz it's kind of
[Music]
Fire Imagine like a trap beat underneath
this
[Music]
it's really pretty though like I do I do
I do sincerely enjoy this but that
[Music]
said oh
t
[Music]
I
n for
[Music]
a e
a
[Music]
nah
nice lamby looks like he's falling apart
[Music]
let me looks like he's falling apart let
me looks like he's falling
apart let me looks like he's falling
like
he like
he looks like
he's looks like
he's let looks like he's falling apart
let me looks like he's falling apart
let looks like he's falling apart let
looks like he's falling
apart let look like he's
falling let looks like he's
falling let looks like he's falling
apart let me looks like he's falling
apart let he looks like
he's lety looks like he's falling apart
let looks like he's falling
apart look like he's falling apart let
looks like he's falling apart let he
looks like he's falling apart let me
look like he's falling apart let me
looks like
falling let me looks like he's falling
apart let me looks like he's falling
aart let me looks like he's falling
apart let me looks like
now here's the question do we do
autotune with
it that's a D Minor I
[Music]
think let me like he's falling
AP let me like he's
falling let me
like oh let me looks like he's falling
apart let me looks like he's falling
apart oh let me looks like he's falling
[Music]
apart see okay that's why what I don't
like about
autotune is when I sing like a nuanced
thing here and it like ruins it cuz like
without it
[Music]
falling can I sing it in way the
autotune likes it let me looks like he's
falling
apart let looks he's
[Music]
falling you know what I can do I do the
sometimes if I'm using autotune I just
turn it off sometimes when I don't want
it to do anything
[Music]
falling see I just turned it off here
and that's that's the that's the
[Music]
stat see I I love I love doing the bends
like that the auto just ruins
[Music]
it falling
looks like it's falling
[Music]
apart oh let me looks like he falling
apart let me looks like falling
[Music]
apart oh let me looks like he falling
apart let me looks like he falling
apart oh let me looks like it's falling
apart let me looks like it's falling
[Music]
apart oh oh let me looks like he falling
apart let looks like he's falling
[Music]
apart it's lamby he's my friend sort of
like
[Music]
falling fuzzy Beast
Slammy fuzzy Beast fuzzy
wait Wait f he's it's lby he's my friend
and he's and
is oh oh
oh it's let me he's my friend it's let
me he's my friend with the broken heart
let me he's my friend with the
broken there we go oh [__] it's kind of
Fire
my with
broken let
Meen is that crazy or
[Music]
what oh let me look like he falling
apart let me looks like he's falling
apart let me he's my friend with a
broken heart let me he's my friend with
the broken heart let me he's my friend
with the broken heart
see it ruins
this will you take the auto away it
sounds so much
[Music]
funny let me looks like he's falling
apart let me look like he's falling
apart let me use my friend
broken let Meen
nice let me look soft yes very
soft press your cheeks against Lambie I
don't deserve it I'm scum isn't he
soft lamby just healed my morale bye
Tony Banks it's an
honor the fog of
War a good stuffy will do that
though there's like no Bakugan stuffies
I'm in looking the world is
ending what was
that Tony Tony fix you're my favorite
pro SC
ever oh oh oh that's a
sentence that's a real [__] sentence
dude
oh yeah ster dance is my favorite song
off of fairy tales next to uh do it all
differently a lot of the music on fairy
tales is like really like
complex and ironically it's like the
simplest song in the album is my
favorite one cuz it just works the best
with the idea that I had for
it it's a bridge dude you know how to
cross it thank
you could commission some to make a
plushy for you true I actually have a
violet
plushy that my friend ke made
like 7 years
ago
Maz Church
I don't know if I have a photo of it on
my Instagram sorry we get so we're
getting so sidetracked from
like we're constantly getting
sidetracked
from what's it called disco elium I
forgot the game for a
second I don't know if I have it on my
Instagram me let me take a
look I put my auto scroll skills to the
test
have a good train
Sammy okay well this is not what I was
looking for but at least we have this
let me scroll to
2018 I post so
much make it
stop the album at the top was control
freaks
okay what' be
here I don't have a photo of it do
I wow why don't
I this is so
peculiar okay I'll just get a photo
sometime hi
him
money this area is very
sprawling yes I'm going to get fortnite
and fiku
so
excited a cick drum pulse the music is
coming somewhere in the
ice why is there [__] in here
why is there actual stuff in
here why why are these none of these
empty every single one of them has
something in it
this area has so much
stuff Mystic Acoustics ass writing
we been
here a metal payone under a yellow
plastic Dome you could use it to call
someone unless you're out of change
you hear the tone the machine is
inoperable
calling still
calling this feels wrong should you be
doing this end of tone someone picks up
here is that your
here you have any news about here
yes Pier is dead sure you
do no one has anything nowadays you're
either a Salesman or a statistician of
some kind I am not interested in
cooperating this is because we are bred
to be leaders I can hear the common or
mixed background from your voice I just
so wanted it to be
P have a pleasant evening pranker
disconnect
tone calling still calling someone with
a masculine voice picks up hello Gage
speaking hello Gerard hello Gerard
technically speaking your
electricity no what you are is a
surprise get his
wife
what no but I got a feeling Al kick your
ass is going to make an appearance if
you ever call this number again have a
good one [__] have a good one [__]
hanging
up disconnected
tone that guy sounds like uh like the
the red fluster and angry emoji and I
sound like the nerd
Emoji let's let's get it and and and Kim
sounds like whatever Emoji is the most
beautiful man in the universe emojji
calling
calling calling still calling still
calling stop calling me
man I'll get you your money all right I
just need to tonight let me
work we could all be a bit kinder to
each other don't you think consider your
debt paid my friend that would ruin
everything wouldn't it
the phone gets hanged up fast as
Lightning all you hear disconnect
to but
Kim but
Kim
calling I'm
tired yeah man sounds like he hasn't
talked to anyone in quite a
while Ron I hate wron so much but I have
to get back to it the man disappears you
do not hear the customary disconnect
tone just silence in the handset seems
like it did not have time to swallow the
coin this sometimes happens lucky you
the call went too fast for the pay phone
to register you can still make a new one
without paying
you close your eyes and put your index
finger on the rotary dial then pull down
on the number then move one up and
repeat the motion twice strange this is
not how you started before 41
4447 the rotary do feels cold from the
Sea Air 1 17
361 your fingers keep moving like a
spider every time the ring rotates back
with a little ring of metal like a bell
tolling yes
451 67
451 you are going deeper now into some
unknown Place far away from this island
of matter and its telecommunication
networks the interfacing portrait is so
tangible I know it's the point because
it's the interfacing portrait but like
damn
they they really captured what interface
in is
451 you have died God knows how many
numbers the headset has been waiting
silently to relay a signal surely
nothing can come of this you think but
it does a connection an ultra
longdistance call your air fills with a
crackle the wash of a strange ocean full
of white noise a little bird starts
ringing in there not like the local
calling tone before no a small ring in
the cage of distortion far away a
distant network of phones calling
calling in the night calling still the
hands set starts slipping from your
sweaty Palm your breathing is heavy
calling calling calling calling calling
then the ocean breaks out of the depths
a woman's voice emerges small the
dearest thing you've ever heard
hello
huh who is this Dora who is this the
connection is bad in the distorted
distance you hear someone turning next
to her bed springs rattle it doesn't
matter if you react or not you still
think you hear a man's voice in the
background it's covered in pain and
white
noise you're not a revolutionary Harry
you're drunk you only have two maybe
three things left to say before the
change Runs Out
this guy loves
payones oh
God do you know what time it is it's so
late here wait is this not in his head
it's 4:00 Harry I need to wake up in 2
hours I'm in morova sleeping 22 million
people live in morova the capital city
of grad it is the capital of the world
after rivel was destroyed
the
sneezer what do you want to talk about
that we haven't talked about already
this is bad you feel your right hand on
the handset cramping up with
pain oh no please stop please let's just
hang
up to work the academy where I work
no response only a sigh the connection
crackles like burning
paper yeah
she does not answer
anymore H disconnect toone the machine
ran out of money what
happened you dial the number again in
the middle of it a familiar ring small
distorted calling
calling calling calling calling calling
calling it looks like she doesn't want
to pick it up Harry Stop scaring her
calling
call I'm going to hang up now okay phone
hanging up disconnect tone
I have nothing to heal my morale with
anymore what's
happening do I need
drugs I'm going to the drug guy
we need lambi yeah we
[Music]
do hello drug
Row The Legend returns you know the
dance smokeable smokes pissible pills
now drink it then convert it to piss and
there's spirits and speed too okay none
of it heals
morale not good
doctors are idiots buddy boy
[Music]
okay heavy wooden doors more than twice
your height stands shut in front of you
the rectangular seaw warn ornamentation
appears in stark contrast to the padlock
carelessly drilled into the
wood the carving on the door is block
likee an angular like the church itself
two large beams shoot downwards sinking
into the wood before they reach the
threshold the surface is smooth from the
wind but moist to the touch feels
exceptional 300 tons of pine would fit
together seamlessly it's old too cut and
carved many centuries ago this cheap
looking padlock is sturdily built it
shackles together a hasp and a staple
screwed into the w wooden door the lock
is adorned with a yellow sticker it'll
be easier to break the staple than the
lock also that sticker is interesting
somehow you see a yellow circle with two
x's and a big curve below them that
looks like a mouth you're pretty sure
you haven't seen it before but what the
symbol depicts is clear enough a smiling
Dead Guy The Curve makes it smile and
the X's make it dead the ex's make it
dead there is something blindingly
modern about this symbol its modernness
puts to shame everything you've seen
before he takes off his glasses and uses
a blue handkerchief to thoroughly wipe
them clean before inspecting the sticker
then he looks up pauses and replies no
looks like a dead man smiling suggests
Junior
delinquency I haven't seen that sticker
before and and I'm not a
youth padlock padlock
padlock that level of conceptual
thinking is not part of my skill
set there's nothing like the sound of a
sticker unpeeling now it's stuck to your
thumb
voila looks very modern you're part of
the future Brigade now and so is your
former humdrum Ledger neon
baby the padlock passes through a staple
that's been hastily attached to the wood
closer inspection reveals that one of
the screws is not a screw at all but a
nail the work has been done recently and
is unprofessional to say the least
should you want to get through it might
be EAS easier to just pry the whole
thing off maybe we should Circle the
building first and look for another way
the building has seen enough
mistreatment yes the pulsing base a sure
sign of jior delinquency somewhere East
over here there's something on the sea
ice
there nothing happens I don't think
that's going to work
okay we're also looking for that
person's husband
yeah this is kind of where I started to
picture
that I could be
wrong There's Something In The
[Music]
Water some in the
water now where is it in the
water that thing is eyeing me
suspiciously
I could do better let me so real with
you someone is trying to bring cheer to
the
world a pain of eonite has been planted
into the snow two poles are holding it
up barely holding it up it could fall
over any minute a stronger gust of wind
might be enough it looks like a
makeshift Bridge could be
convenient the pain falls into the icy
snow with a soft
thunk we should ask that girl on the ice
what's going on here
teeth
cluttering a Shaggy looking girl in her
late teens or early 20s kneels on the
ice with an electronic Contraption in
her hand hearing you approach she looks
up oh hello there it's cold out here but
she's not wearing a hat she must be
freezing everyone knows drugs make you
invulnerable to cold you bet this one
likes to party
huh maybe she didn't hear you so should
you oh I didn't notice
that yeah well look man [__] the
Hat I'm sorry I said [__] the Hat I was
concentrating on something else my whole
family swears and it rubbed off on me
this is a portable recording device it's
for field recording low quality but
still actually just one wire I picked on
it till the braiding came loose the wire
leads to a contact
microphone a contact mic records sounds
from inside things like this ice your
mangled brain would like you to know
there is a boxer called contct
Mike no you're
welcome thinkink you encyclopedia for
this and nothing
else uh yeah I record stuff with it ah
no this is a contact microphone it's for
recording inside of solid objects
contact might just beats people up
the mic I don't exactly know somehow it
doesn't pick up vibrations from the air
the book said it only picks up structure
born sound if you like
technobabble same place I got the
recorder from the
palum oh man you haven't been to the
palum it's the coolest plate in this
whole drug addled [__] hole it's a music
club and a synthesizer workshop on
Boogie Street in Jamrock musicians live
there like real musicians I once saw Aro
van
a sounds like a place for congregating
homosexuals yeah there might be some I
don't think they look down on the
homosexual underground there the palum
is not that kind of place it's
cool oh no you completely misunderstood
I might be a homosexual myself oh
well good for
you oh yeah I guess even with your
modern take on sexuality you wouldn't be
in the van
demographic I get down I don't know what
that means I grind is that some kind of
term for the homosexual
underground am I going to get to
research homosexual
underground is it time
guys guys
that's
cool
sure um an entire litany skews
forth yes
okay a cell her hair is DED blonde with
dark roots showing there's a coarseness
to her features some masculinity below
that
timidness
why okay it's Burger a very common
name recording I guess I think I'm
recording cracks in the ice but there's
no way to tell not without headphones I
think I just recorded your footsteps too
not sure how that will sound what
happened to the old
headphones my boyfriend sold him I don't
know man things just stuff you need for
Life a lie they were probably porned off
for something
suspicious the musicians in the palum
used them for making music they looped
the stuff cutting the tapes together
they make music out of cracks in the ice
and keys jangling crazy sounds like that
it's hard to
explain what you mean like
this like he falling apart let me looks
like he's falling apart let me use my
friend with the
[Music]
broken anyway I thought I'd make some
too it's supposed to be like a music
place anyway I don't really know what
I'm doing they use synthesizers too I
don't have a
synthesizer the sharp drop in endorphins
is almost visible like a warm blanket
has fallen off her shoulders the wave of
chill the quivering jaw indications of a
drug High take this you're cold no ma'am
[__] that I'm cold I'm sorry I said that
I'm sorry about the [__] it's okay
thanks I my sports
visor 310
310 that was 25 minutes
ago that the boys think it could be a
place like the palum or something stupid
it's really not going to be a palum
that's for
sure and who are these boys yeah Andre
and the guys they're inside in the tent
and why is
that they got too much stuff crammed in
there no room music stuff mostly like
this tape recorder but bigger and
there's piles of it
that stuff is more expensive than I am
more expensive than any of us really
doesn't matter I can take the cold go
ahead it's supposed to become like a
club for anodic dance music like that
new style of synthesizer stuff they play
at the palum except that yeah
the floorboards are twisting and the
shooting beams are slowly cracking like
bones far east of the golden delter
beyond the industrial Port there is a
black patch of unlit Coast with the
smallest creatures on the ice there will
never be a club for anodic music here
not in a million
years I know it's not my idea Andre and
the boys found the place it was supposed
to be deserted but now they can't even
take it hey don't get me wrong but
you're cops
right okay
well maybe you could talk to Andre and
the guys because there are some strange
things going on in that church if you're
police you should look into it
right they're inside that thing there
would be cool if you did
was there something
else
no not really no she's trying to get out
of a direct lie with semantic tricks she
personally didn't put the padlock on the
door it's
noise oh
oh it's noise oh of
course I stay noided
right right I'm in your
area uh tachon right remember that
remember that
one to keep more weirdos from getting in
[__] Martine I'm sorry it's got the
worst weirdos if he get get around to it
ask Andre about him he'll tell
you you know anodic cathodic music
that's made with electronic
instruments synthesizers and tape
consoles micro computers too anything
that uses electricity but isn't guitars
also found sounds stuff like
that this is an evolutionary step up
from Amplified instruments which in turn
are a step up from acoustic instruments
what comes after it you wonder a black
tinted nothingness or something
finer very interesting mus a commentary
here go
ahead okay
bye can I get another
hat am I
I my
hat the tent is just tarping fabric
covering a pile of stuff the flap is
open inside three young men all in
forward look looking apparel reminiscent
of the sticker on the padlock are
listening to some new form of music it's
like nothing you've ever heard one of
them looks at you come on get in and
close the fat behind you the warm
stuff's getting
out sorry we barely have room for one
you go ahead I'm too old for this I'm
sure you will feel right at home I'll
keep watch
a young man with peroxide blonde hair
holds up a Harmon Wy tap player nodding
along to the music he looks at you with
a knowing smile and
says
hardcore
hardcore hardcore to the mega here comes
the night could they been a right way
out of this Garden of forking paths you
think the young man this is Hardcore
it's
hardore SK SK a danger I am the
rearranger all right we're got to cancel
[Music]
this oh
yeah oh yeah
ski a
danger back to the heavy Jam
hard it's hardcore SK
[Music]
SK you see a youngish man bleaching the
tips of his hair with a toothbrush he
puts the toothbrush down and extends his
hand in
greeting hello I'm Andre it's a pleasure
to meet you there is definitely
something futuristic about his hair
aggressively so you get the sense that
this is what the future will look like
in basilic yes should the future ever
come it will look deeply IM basilic like
this
guy his grip is strong sweaty and warm
he's trying to project and Inspire
confidence this is my
no the young man with earrings looks at
you suspiciously an egg head
egg egg together with AEL Burger who's
out there right now doing some seriously
Progressive Sonic experimentation we
like to think of ourselves as music
venue organizers we have many in a
pipeline officer that means they haven't
set up a single one yet you see we've
been all over Jamrock North respecting
for Real Estate to establish a new venue
in ARA for talent yeah thank you edhead
and while there is no shortage of raw
unfed talent spinning tapes in Jamrock
we've had rotten luck with the real
estate Park Place is a [__] I apologize
to my friend no potty mouth I realize
this is not how you speak to a police
officer he has Authority
issues oh so you've met good good yeah
it's a matter of occupied ecclesiastical
property I bet you've noticed The
derilict Hive of narcomania on the coast
I'm talking about the church and I'm not
exaggerating even a place of spiritual
Refuge can become a magnet for all sorts
of dopeheads and burnouts if' left
unattended dop heads
burnouts well I'm sad to say that's
exactly what happened sad because we
were just about to put Martin a on the
map with one of the maddest dance clubs
in Jamrock nah straight that in Riv show
strikes that the world the world
a head and sad yet because the dos and
burnouts hold up in there are the worst
kind he leans back a little watching you
with a steady serious gaze letting you
imagine just how bad those dop heads and
burners
really good this calls for an opinion
you're an expert in
those the spooky
kind I was hoping you would be the judge
of that officer all I can say is their
spookiness is the kind that keeps us
from restoring this church into a
community center and a place of
spiritual
Refuge also they don't eat or clean the
building shit's going to collapse people
just want to spin tapes without them
spooking it up place has bad signs no
one can dance leg that thank you Egghead
so you're going to look into it right it
should be a police matter getting them
out whatever spooky stuff they're doing
I'm sure it's not what the Ecclesiastes
meant their property
for all right man Andre is obviously
very happy you took him seriously the
whole T is the boys exchanged gy looks
I did ask noi to install a measure
against more Drifters wandering in it's
a temporary fix just something to
contain the
situation I had to do it in an AR not my
best work but it should hold for a
while of course no give the officer the
key all
right you sense the trajectory of the
little piece of metal and plastic the
object makes a small Greening sound as
it approaches just the tiniest Chim to
your left kaching the key hits your palm
the speed freaks not to you but proven
me the speed freak Nots to you a
respectful nod you proved something
here not long like a week
maybe I'm super sure they're alive I
mean come on at least 90% maybe 85% sure
they're still alive somewhere in the
ruinous past that led you here there was
something called exams you may have
learned the term involuntary
manslaughter
there okay I'm sorry I'm sorry too I
guess it wasn't very hardore of us to
just log them in like that me too I
shouldn't have that kind of power over
another a person I'm not the one with
the violence Monopoly here you are I'm
glad that key is out of my hands now
sure man tell us what you want to know
let's do it truth is I don't really know
none of us do I don't even know how many
there are all we've seen the
glimpses glimpses who are these people
secret agents stealth
operatives well there's also the
Machinery when I first scouted the place
back in February it was abandoned empty
took some time getting the crew together
so about 2 weeks ago we came here hoping
to set the stuff up Suddenly there are
all these strange machines lying around
in there one of them has wires running
into bowls of water wires into water
never seen anything like it Andre tell
him about the feeling oh and it felt
like there was some thing in there with
us watching us from the dark no the
other one um which other one I'm not as
in tune with my emotions as you are egg
felt like silence awful silence not
exactly we've just seen someone who we
think is a woman go in and out of the
church a couple of times and we felt
someone or something eyeing us inside
but that's kind of
it you should talk to Noy about that I
just got a distinct burnout and dope
head sign from them probably jacked up
to some snuff station too probably very
likely like you aren't alone you know it
wasn't quite human if you know what I
mean not human as in a ghost do you know
what he means it was this dark shape
climbing upside down along the ceiling
like some kind of crab man yeah you know
the way it was climbing up and around
the ceiling like a crab it was stalk in
a Cell exhibiting Ambush Behavior OD
crabs are usually Marine creatures and
not known for climbing walls yeah
totally I mean I didn't personally see
it Asel was alone that time but I
believe her if she comes out running and
says there's a crab in there there's a
crab in there so he hasn't even been in
there lately is he afraid you should ask
her about it but be nice don't tell her
you don't believe in the crab there
probably is no crab man don't let them
draw you in with this nonsense
well honestly I can't but I am this is a
below feeble attempt at avoidance
basically he is attempting to weaponize
idiocy hey now I'm 70% sure they're
substance abusers don't let all that
technology fall you where do you think
the drugs come from sure what he's a
quiet man mostly communicates through
music and by being a Master of
Ceremonies you know a host a declaimer
of slogans he's a performer gets the
people going interesting s a bit like
you then and MC for
short well he's just kind of here I
don't really know how to communicate
with him yeah sometimes when I like
stumble and find my way into his Center
you have to hear a lot of hardcar a mega
first though the man Smiles m seriously
choosing to let the beat speak for
itself this repeating drone sequence in
the music is the same key and relative
Rhythm as uh that one part of the
glowing man at the end in the same key
just
slower it has like the same like
harmonic ringing sounds to it which is
fascinating very different music but I
don't know as I was listen to it feels
like the glowing man if it were slow I
get it he's a
puzzle oh yeah that's a meteor name for
the founding party thought he'd be cool
to use it if you don't know what the
founding party is there might be a way
to mask it with minor
demagoguery Mario 64 teleports sound
effect isn't the glowing man
I I don't think
so come to think of it I've never really
looked them up you know I can't give you
a precise definition but they're a very
powerful religious
organization and they have roots in
ancient Mass society and they're the
custodians of the panasian church plus
they anoint the Innocents they like made
the innoc sentic system no
totally theasian church is about love
and ntic music is about love I got love
for my perassi and posy love is the
relay out of death we
[Music]
dance love is
Hardcore Unity Unity Make some noise for
my insulindian
posy Make some noise for my insulindian
posy you feel it the anodes and the
cathodes csing through you your big toe
starts tapping along to the base as if
testing the
waters feels good
oh yeah it can he's coming around you're
getting
it your pussy's like your people man
like you got your cup py you look out
for each other and you party together
that's a [__] and where is your [__]
detective nothing comes to you the world
is silent the correct word is twink and
he's outside
yeah Yar the place to be do it for the
masses do it for the
crew I didn't want to say it but it was
pretty lame of you to imply otherwise
anyway you got more question the one
with the large head is still looking at
you nodding his head waiting for your
body to start moving you feel like you
could go for a little disco when or if
they get this club going you've got it
in you yes what
yeah yeah good to have [__] to carry
when I first scattered the place I did
some reconnaissance I'm not sure the
church even is running
water oh it's the one they sell at the
fuel station it's like he's lying to you
my le but he's slippery enough that
there's nothing for you to grab hold
of it does doesn't it told you we have a
smell
problem takes up a piece of telephone
cord and inspects it
he sniffs the air then shrugs it doesn't
take a forensic scientist to guess it's
drug related they look and act like the
kind of guys who've done their fair
share unlike the girl outside however
the boy's breathing is regular their
jaws stay put and their pupils aren't
dilated so they're not under the
influence currently at least not under
the influence of stimulants that doesn't
rule out hallucinogens benzos some
depressants how do you know all this the
what
now oh the old Ultra we uh he's like an
actor you can to the sufa for his line I
have a major sinus infection stuff he
knows we all do shit's all blasted up
winter can't even breathe yes that's
Nosa fed's doing without the Nosa I'd be
drowning in [__] right now Nosa fed is
the
[__] um sure here you go officer the
noser Blast
away he nods
enthusiastically no doubt a little
relieved as always we'll be right here
waiting patiently for the news yeah
hi again so uh a number of things don't
add up let's take a look first try how
about gather around
kids drama
no okay kids now gather
round sure the young speed freak puts
down a busted capacitor and looks at you
the one with the large head seems very
enthusiastic about whatever you have
planned there would be leader is less
amused what
things we don't need drugs to be
hardcore shut the [__] up egg
climb down from the cestrian monument
cop man Consciousness is new to the
universe we all have our ways to ease
the shot equestrian
Monument we know she has a problem man
we're working on it she didn't exactly
have a smooth adolescence what exactly
is it you know I have no idea how you
arrived at that conclusion but it's it's
wrong look we even have speakers one
speaker they have one
speaker what do you know about spinning
tape
nothing I'm sorry but there is no lab
equipment and no drug
ingredients what do you mean friend it's
a one- speaker system it's monodam you
wouldn't know the first thing about
sound reproduction in anodic music other
speaker this may be the brain damag
talking but you've definitely never
heard of monody dnamic or one speaker
systems he said it was for his nose what
more do you want likely pseudo ephedrin
almost exactly the shape of ephedrin
epidrin makes you happy and so does
pseudo epidrin and of all cellular based
life what's your point
lawbringer no [__]
that's come on
that's I meant to say not true what do
you mean do there's resignation in his
voice he's almost ready to drop the act
it wouldn't take a lot of
pushing what do you mean by lenient
okay ma' okay things are just so so hard
for an entrepreneur in this city right
now it's not like we lied when we said
we want to turn a church into the
wickedest club in East rers because we
do we totally do we just need to turn it
into a speed lab before to get her foot
in the
door like I told you spooky [__]
moved in while I was getting all this
stuff together a month ago the place was
empty and now it's all spooked up
no man they're spooky all right it's
just that they would also probably call
the police if we started cooking speed
in there but the sign was way off too I
couldn't feel the love at all sir you
promised you'd be lenium this is it
judgement time
yeah
respectable I'm really feeling the signs
right about
now I knew from the GetGo we could count
on you we can make this work the dance
club will have a
future as always we'll be right here
waiting patiently for the for the news
[Music]
yeah we've beaten the narc allegations
guys yes you're
gay The Shaggy hit so you talk to my
associates right are you going to help
us great let us know if there's any
progress will you
we've been waiting for weeks
here I did and I'm sorry for what it's
worth which isn't much this is why I
didn't go into the tent typical
delinquency you don't get to choose your
posy they choose you mine are idiots but
they're mine I tried to talk Andre out
of it I even tried not to lie to you
indeed she merely tried to omit the
truth
instead I know but I need you see
through their plan too I'm not an idiot
I should have been able to control them
and I will in the future I promise may I
ask what did you tell
them good call detective you can lose
your mind trying to mediate everything
these delinquents come up with fate will
take care of it for us we won't be
anyone's problem I'll get them under
wraps I
promise oh that you're not going to
believe me me there's no point in me
telling you she's less prone to blurt it
out crab man than the
others okay I went in and I saw a woman
next to one of those machines there noid
calls it a main frame she was dressed
like someone who's been raised by their
grandmother you know strange old clothes
had this absent expression didn't say
anything just stood still yeah I kind of
[__] with a a little bit so far
don't know too much of these characters
but if you have someone with a
microphone putting it up to the ice like
that's that's my
people and then you know right behind
her a man crawled down the wall upside
down like a crab down the church wall I
think the woman didn't even know he was
there he was completely silent he
stopped right before he got to the floor
then just hung there like that looking
at me right at me I [__] turned
around and walked out end the story like
a grab you
say it was too dark I couldn't tell
exactly come on she obviously could she
already went into
detail he looked like a banger okay he
was all muscular and stuff had a mesh
tank top I know it sounds ridiculous but
that only made it scarier in a way the C
R and a banger yes a banger as an a mes
gang member I know what it sounds like
but that's what I
saw
why nothing anyway what
else
myates I haven't got much to say about
them
of course I do I just don't tell people
about my friends and who they are and so
on I don't provide information on them
to the
cops me I'm a silver bird don't know
what makes you think it'll be any
different later
but
okay so we can get into the
church but I still oh I forgot I knock
down that thing we can use or we can go
around this way too it doesn't
matter
um why I want to double check on like
the rest of this external area
cuz I can't tell how much there is to
look
at I me there's a lot to look at
but $3
sure build here's
build I also know I have like skill
points i' I saved the skill points for
recks I
think it wasn't a bad thing to have
given them their hat I just wish I had
given them a different hat my amphibious
loving
hat my [__] hat
dud yeah I don't even have homosexual
underground from that what does that
even oh I was like what do that even
give but I would have to have received
it first okay what thoughts though I was
just on it uh
these ones I actually don't know how
helpful they are
cuz the only one that really seems to
have been necessary was volumetric [__]
compressor I'm talking to the smoker is
he gay
crude
oil yeah I didn't understand how the
uh how the system worked until I got to
like these ones so these ones are just
here and I haven't forgotten them CU
they require a skill point to
forget which is like why why would why
would you make that happen
an old door worn by elements guards the
depot the wind has blown a sand June in
front of it the door hasn't been opened
in a long while you it's military a
service Depot of some sort the washer
woman mentioned a Depot of the coast she
said it was for moving ammo and cargo
across the bay this might be it it may
have been used to serve as an aerostatic
battleship in the atmosphere or a
fortification like a sea in the
bay is it really worth using a skill
point to forget something though
you can unlock more slots
but I was the context of disco elium
these sentences are just so [__]
funny I can just got a new skill point
okay let's forget volumetric [__]
compressor why would I why would I want
negative one perception
oh wait that's just while while while
you're using it I
see
um yeah okay
scented
scarf why would a scented scarf reduce
my proficiency with a physical
instrument is just cuz it's long
hello birat
maybe the smell makes you dizzy that
would make
sense I don't have any morale charges
for that [__] phone
someone has left an unidentifiable
article of clothing on this railing it
smells really bad it's stre with dried
seagull [__] entangled with pieces of
seaweed a dangling arm suggests that
there might be a jacket beneath the
crust of Filth it seems likely that it
was left in the surf until someone laid
it out on this fence to dry out
unfortunately that just seems to have
stiffened it into a shapeless mass
please tell me you're not taking that
with
you I'm sure he'll be thrilled to have
it
returned filthy
jacket as you hold it in your hands it
makes an uncomfortable crunching sound
uh
it's a sorted filthy tail not for the
week are you sure you can stomach it why
did I I why did I have that reaction
towards this jacket but not like the
autopsy or any of like the body stuff
why why did the jacket [__] me
up all the descriptions of Gore and
filth and like the only thing that's
like evoked a strange reaction in me is
filthy jacket which is speaking to me by
the way some secrets are better left
uncovered don't even try
seriously it occurs to you that you're
not even holding the jacket itself but
rather the thick crust of jetsam and
seagull [__] that ensconces it it smells
like a dead sea creature Tangled in Gray
strands of seaweed it must have spent
quite some time in the water before the
tide deposited it ashore somehow it was
carried or dragged to the boardwalk if
not by human hands then perhaps the
feral dogs that prowl the beaches at
night the faint impressions of many
Footprints are also present though it's
impossible to tell what kind or how many
suffice to say the jacket spent some
time on the ground before someone draped
it over the
railing the crust is hard this jacket
spent at least a day baking in the Sun
who knows what happened to it then
somewhere high above the city a pair of
Seagulls Trace Loops through there thank
you Shivers they are like the
bombardiers of the aerostatic brigades
gliding above a Target Rich environment
shiver sounds like conceptualization
right now doesn't it all of a sudden the
Bombay doors open and their white
glittering payload rushes to the ground
Splat an explosion of white on a man's
shoe a curs goes up but the birds do not
hear it's too late you've already
thought about it and now your hands are
covered in
muck I'm dead despair creeps into you
getting fat on your weakness I just died
whatever Noble intentions you once had
as a police officer it's eating them all
up now you're still coming up with
sentences that's a step up from Total
Annihilation right
yes it can be difficult to be on the
receiving end of so much distrust and
outright
hred nothing you can say would make you
feel any better now cop gives up the
detective genra for social realism
another police officer resigned from the
RCM following a nervous breakdown he now
lives under a bridge drinking and
occasionally throwing excrement at B's
shouting I never love that woman when
asked to comment former colleagues
objected to the theory that his
psychological disintegration was
precipitated by his wife imagine being
through everything that Harry has been
through and he's like I can still do it
[__] loses to the poop jackor officer
it's because he couldn't get a big gun
from Acquisitions the drug trade no
problem the harassment no problem the
murder no problem the murderers no
problem jacket absolutely not I'm done
Sergeant mat ton another former
colleague did not propose any theories
merely saying whatever happened to him
wasn't about birds he got [__] that's
all [__] poop jacket op
yeah wow
thanks
wow okay I'm not going to think about
the I'm not going to think about the
poop jacket this
time I'm not going to think about the
time L lamb Lambie would have saved us
that's all I'm
saying we shouldn't have one in Psych
psyche yeah yeah yeah yeah
I mean what
increases
whatever nothing in CES
probably
okay Vol at one
I mean I don't I don't know what these
stats do to be
honest I mean I do but I I've haven't
really been paying attention to what I
should be maxing or
anything I've just been using it
whenever it's
convenient okay I'll level up Val
then oh now Mor at two thank
you okay that was
unfortunate okay I'll I'll go visit poop
jacket in just a
moment let me explore everything else
before we continue on with poop jacket
there is just so much
here the smell it's awful and
familiar it doesn't help you can still
smell it don't be
naive don't you recognize it that idious
pungency that faintly clo sweetness only
death smells like that something cold
wakes in the pit of your stomach fear it
is death it must be the lieutenant has
already brought a handkerchief to his
nose
a Man Lies on the boardwalk his limbs
bent and neck turned at an unnatural
angle right next to him is an empty
bottle of spirits in his cramped hand a
chewing gum rapper working class corpse
the smell is not as bad as a two we old
corpse but it's definitely heading there
hold
on lividity is faintly pronounced
whoever this is has been dead for two
days no longer we need to investigate
another dead body this is your job steal
yourself calm now carefully just another
day just another dead body he's wearing
mudcake boots beige trouses and an old
brown leather jacket with a bright blue
lining there are traces of Kebab sauce
on his chest the leather jacket suits
him well it must be custom made
composure welcome you find some
sunflower seeds and a rain soaked
library card folded into two his jacket
feels Soden and heavy under your hand
good we should take a look at that
library card after this is done the man
has fallen through a crack in the
boardwalk and hit his head against the
metal bench coagulated blood covers his
black hair one of his feet is still
dangling through the hole a bad fall it
might have been dark outside this place
is a Minefield in the dark when damp
these boards are really slippery even a
sober man could lose their balance here
his expression is dull like the sea
behind him drops of water shining on his
mustache his eyes empty and wide look
frightening in their Frozen gaze height
170 to 175 CM curly hair Stout build age
approximately 50 to 60 years there's
some dried blood on the metal bench
right where the horse's head rests the
floorboards are rotten and slippery wet
around the hole An Empty Bottle lies
nearby a chewing gum rapper is clutched
in his
fist be very very careful where you step
there a dried chunk of blood covers the
hair at the back of his head an open
wound it's sticky and cold to your touch
this is what killed him I don't see any
other major wounds do you
seems like the head wound was fatal it's
exactly the shape of the bench a 75 L
Tula vodka with its cap missing there's
hardly anything left inside tear all
around
us rowski spearmint chewing gum green
leaves on the cover the man's mouth is
half a gate from the terror of the Fall
the Blackness of death
stench you think you see white chewing
gun too confirmed nearly the whole pack
is there solidified on his lower rear
teeth he ate the whole pack right it's
to cover the smell of alcohol before
going home the worst thing is I've seen
it before almost the same scenario even
the chewing gun it's always the same the
entire Boardwalk creaks in the wind as
you take a step back looks like one of
the locals he'd have to know this what
to come here you don't just walk over
here but that's just a lazy assumption
what do you
think we do know that he was
married but you're right let's not run
ahead for now all we know is that he's
an unidentified middle-aged man found
dead on the Martinez board wall to be 50
to 60 I don't know I
mean alcoholic question
mark death by misadventure he slipped
and fell through the boardwalk a truly
unfortunate accident if it wouldn't have
been for that bench he'd be
alive the bench is the
killer no I don't see anything that
point in that direction for now let's
treat this case as a simple orbe it sad
accident and related to the murder case
agreed if this somehow converges later
why not but keep it simple for now oh
yes some symptoms of acute alcohol
poisoning could have definitely played a
role here severe confusion respiratory
depression unpredictable Behavior but I
think that death arrived through head
trauma not liever failure what about it
the dece ate some Kebab it's probably
from a nearby place maybe in the Box
sometimes a kebab is just a
kebab sometimes a kebab is just a
kebab they'll seal this place off after
the news reaches the Coalition officials
I doubt that they have enough resources
to actually repair the boardwalk not
that sealing it off would keep anyone
away all it does is keep the city
council's hands clean it does seem to be
a pretty straightforward misadventure
although there's still a question of
identi ifying the body from where I
stand I can see two options we either
take the case and follow the leads to
identify the body on our own or we
report back to the station and leave
this for our colleagues to hand
them in my mind I'm like can this really
be that
engaging to do it
ourselves or
what just looks like a guy slip through
the boardwalk
a field autopsy isn't necessary if the
cause of death doesn't appear to be
criminal and this looks like a simple
accident to me I'd say we should just
write down head trauma in the autopsy
report and leave it at that it would
save us at least two hours of
unnecessary work don't you feel pett for
him yeah yeah yeah
yeah maybe
good call the guys at processing can
take care of the rest
sure all right we should first examine
the library card you found then we can
call the station for Mema let them know
we are taking the
case there's some tear an empty
cigarette package and a crumpled Kebab
wrapper in the trash bin two empty
bottles of Tula vodka and a can of black
potent Porter is all he find no there's
more in there Liv strawberry liquor plus
some pills in the bottles too better not
pick them up they seem unhygienic a
tragedy whoever tossed it here was a
heavy smoker the brand name reads red
Astra red Astra is the black market
version of Astra cigarettes known for
their High tar content you see traces of
mayonnaise and ketchup on it as well as
a tomato W the rapper reads shish kebab
riversa it's no older than a day or two
no mold yet it's hard to concentrate in
the smell the Sea Air brings some
relief all right kimothy twink Overlord
let's go to the poop
jacket
moonshine someone making uh making some
[__] in there
I don't see a way in way in
here all
right okay poop jacket I'll simply pick
you up someone has left
an I'm just going to save it just just
in case has left it's it seems please
tell me you're not taking I'm sure he'll
be
okay and we're not going to think about
the poop
jacket it isn't even
funny oh we can walk over there oh wait
I'm
silly G
Willers and the things that
bers hey man you like this you like this
mural I got something even crazier dude
I got something called the poop jacket
you'll love this one and Mikel noticed
the windows especially with how there
are no windows on the South Side this
was to deal
with are you rich you officers come to
investigate the historic Subs of West
martines
I'm you must be Kim kitagi right I was
just telling my son about this building
not a lot of people realize the historic
significance here very rich in hypertext
nice to meet
you yes hypertext young cop and the
collection of cultural
hyperlinks oh yes so Mel they had to
deal with monitor glare especially in
the summer they still had Vector
monitors back then that was 49 years ago
so they didn't have Windows on the South
Wall no I can't say that we've met
before but I've heard of Kim
M say hi to the
officers Mel's a little tired today we
spent all night trying to run Oris on
his radio computer have you heard of it
it's a programming language used in
graft quite tricky but he wants the kid
has his own radio computer we've been
getting really into vers
lately these people are rich the man
speaks in the artificial Cadence of a
professor Cadence or someone who's been
on too many radio shows but I assume
you're not here for giant BMS when there
are so many real things to see just as I
was telling Mel before this is where the
Coalition landed in '08 we could be
standing on what is the most interesting
landmark in rolw West well get a load of
this guy he really enjoys his trivia the
Oris programing language was named after
its inventor Victor orbis a
cybernetician from gr they run Vox in
The Accidental countries
I do have some money yes but that's not
what's really important here no I mean
come on you need the money if it's not a
thing he can give you
some of course detective I wouldn't have
assumed anything else matter of
fact I don't know if you're familiar
with this but the vestine Department of
Justice has published a rather
interesting paper on the criminal
profiling in former socialist states
have you read it if not then you
definitely [__] if not for tips and
tricks then just for theoretical
curiosity anyway that's just a little
something that sprang to mind you were
saying forget it they don't sell those
kind of books at crime romance and
biographies of famous people aha but
it's not just any empty old
building what not a lot of people know
is this used to be the R&D Department of
felt electrical in felt which now sells
in cartridges mostly was once a Top Dog
in the turn of the century cybernetics
boo it looks old and weathered with
seagars picking apart its Stone and
metal carcass bushy undergrowth has
taken hold of the collapsed rooftop some
kind of bird has set up a nest on a
broken window
cill that's not surprising only a
vestigial ink cartridge and ferot tape
manufacturer remains
they started out as a Midway Electronics
outfit in kin two centuries after an to
rolw Feld became a global player in the
emerging personal electronics Market of
the pre-revolutionary era we got a nerd
eh we got a nerd I don't give a [__]
take the sweatball still tricentennial
was beating them in Business Machines
but felt had an ace up their sleeve or
should I say they were developing an ace
up their sleeve I'm mixing my metaphors
here
it was here in Martine possibly In This
Very building that they develop
prototypes for a tape computer mhm An
Elegant folding mechanism of rollers and
ferat tape ribbons portable enough to be
a take it home solution revolutionizing
Business Machines possibly even bring
them to the average
consumer which is a feat of engineering
even today's Giants rain ien and Zam
haven't achieved yet
he assumes something like a combat
stance facing the wind indeed what the
revolution mik's excited unfortunately
their mhot project never made it to the
market Fels moveed to Reva backfired the
Revolutionary government liquify their
assets and expropriated those very
Advanced prototypes possibly from this
very building or one of the adjacent
ruins all of this was built by felt even
a boardwalk Wild Pines build martines
proper as a resort for their middle
management felt build this side of town
for
R&D yes they even built a pleasure wheel
but that got destroyed in the war a
pleasure
wheel Kim wants to ride upon the wheel
he Kim yearns for his wheel oh kimothy
kimothy you and your hamster likee
reflexes yes to lurin their star
Engineers this part of martines was
nothing but reads before Fel theed they
had to make the prospect of living here
attractive it was supposed to become a
global Center for innovation in
cybernetics but history had other
plans they used them for military
Communications but all sorts of write
and send out press releases the most
notorious example being L the Mars
what's the Mars decree I mean the radio
transmission sent out to news agencies
and World governments by the newly
created commune of rall on the 7th of
March in the year2 a shortlived
legislative foundation for a shortlived
Utopia it's a beautiful piece of text
actually a singer songwriter I know
sheret called it a love po to River Shaw
on her political concept album bom lint
you should read it every local library
in rev sha stocks a copy of the decree I
tried to get Mel to memorize it tried to
someone was much too interested in vers
to be paying any attention the kid takes
a peek at the green and silver verm on
the cover of the book already forgetting
about this part of the
discussion actually no one knows no one
even knows what a computer made entirely
of tape would look like but word has it
they were very elegant
Exquisite alien looking T of the sentory
hardware buckle up 10 years ago I did a
little freelancing I guess you could say
I was a special consultant for an
exhibition at the wty Dumpty dum Center
in v it raised the same questions and we
had lengthy discussions with Paul oan
who was head curator at the time this
was before the twins keian gu joined the
team trying
to wpty Dumpty
Center
TR working at the wpty Dumpty dum
Center that's smart is it wait Did he
just say wpty Dumpty D Center reaction
speed you and I are on the same page
what the hell is a wpty Dumpty D Center
and who the hell are te and Guy juice
and cycl we are all like hanging out
today guys like you get
it the wty Dy D Center for Contemporary
Arts the exhibition itself Drew on
laman's notion of memory and so there
were some parallels that's why the head
curator paan chose
to in fact I'm not the wty Dumpty D
Center is a place you can visit if you
ever in for and are ever in the market
for an exhibition space SL Contemporary
Art Research Center
but perhaps I should return to the tape
computers as I was saying the device
itself was very elegant fragile even one
could write directly on the tape using a
special chemical solution the machine
would then analyze the handwriting
perform operations and project output
onto a white screen it was a beautiful
delicate thing made of black film and
folding tape structures
even one would be very useful though I
understand the socioeconomic causes of
the Revolution it pains me to imagine
their revolutionary setting fire to the
precious device so they did the felt
playback experiment vanished into the
fires of
07 yes the official name of the
Prototype some sources reported as the
felt playback
experience but those are incorrect who
knows maybe it was an accident or maybe
they didn't want the technology to end
up in the wrong hands either way they're
all gone now all three versions of the
Prototype nothing but debris and Ashes
Remain inside that
building oh I'm afraid it didn't end
well for the boys but this story is a
bit too dark for little Mikel here now
if you were to ask about tape computers
he means that the boys got shot by the
Communists the boys were
usual tape
computers but of course what
else no thanks to you for having me in
little Mel here to pick your brain a
very interesting conversation indeed
pick your brain if anything this was
rather one-sided he did the talking
whatever I was just thinking that too
you see a once bright mural towering
above you the signage has peeled off
over the years but you can still make
out Feld electrical RND D A slogan used
to intertwine with the loops long time
ago now only a shadow of peeled letters
remains it says tomorrow is just a
whisper away looks like tomorrow never
came thanks
Kev
[Music]
dollars
$5 so Pokemon
coded this place is
enormous I
might okay
hey man I've got your poop jacket I hope
you're
excited it's the shittiest jacket you
could find get it
laugh tequila
sunset ah
tequila I knew you'd come through that's
[__] great man let me see what this
isn't my jacket my jacket was beautiful
this is [__] filthy what am I
supposed to do with
this I'm not taking a disgusting pile of
hobo Rags I may be in an irrecoverably
decaying orbit but I've still got
standards either bring it back the way
it was before or find a dumpster to burn
it in you know despite the guano it
looks like the jacket itself is stain
resistant it may just need a good
scrubbing Christ why is everyone so
mean I don't want to think about wait
where' to
go oh it's there what did I just get
done
the library card is folded into two and
still slightly wet to the touch the
front side reads Central Jamrock public
library card issued to Billy M expires
July 53 that says Billy
minin you could have scrub the poop
jacket hardcore for some reason it felt
like so like patronizing in the funniest
possible way it's like I wasn't even
thinking about doing that now now you're
saying I'm supposed to and I don't want
to Billy is a unisex name could be the
deceased or his family member whoever
owns this card is an Avid Reader you
find a list of books written in blue
pencil radio Thriller stand a little
less between me and the son the last one
in the list is the glinton curve by m
theobalt a library stamp indicates that
the book has been returned most of these
titles seem to be in the Sci-Fi genre
some Thrillers too if lost please return
the card to the library dial
211 or visit us at Maro Street 78
Jamrock good we should give them a call
from my
see if we can learn anything about Billy
M I know good idea there was plenty of
information here to go
by a drop in temperature an easy flow of
air an empty Street before you a
thorough fair unjammed with lorries no
more drivers smoking on hitch steps just
chemically sweetened across the road a
forgot bus stop corrosion has opened a
hole in its roof an elm tree watches
over the building its branches are
dripping with rain and snow the road is
smooth and motly crater filled with a
black asphalt the asphalt first laid is
gray already a row of tenaments are
under construction in the
distance a tub warm with water white
with soap a man bathes while radio waves
transmit the lottery numbers 4 18 21 4 1
a modern washing machine rattles a
drawer full of silverware number
312d young girls used to come here
huddled up hoping for more warmth than
their thin coats give them the bus took
them to school it has not run for 8
years there were not enough girls to
sustain its lost craters pocked the
surface children played in them until
heavy trucks full of black pitch rolled
in the land owners have filled the
craters with money it is a vital artery
of the flow of trade there's one bump on
the road a dead dog lies flat about 200
Paces away right at the turn tragedy
comes from the wheels of a fast RCM
vehicle hurrying to work the cold washes
over you the sound of the sea has grown
distant the wind moves the aerosol a
detective stands behind the boom barrier
a breeze moves the curl of his
hair can't go this way here
okay well poop jacket was a
bust [__] you poop jacket you piece of
[__] get it everyone get it everyone get
it all right everyone get it everyone
get it the joke is because it is
poop Kim
no Kim can you not St thank you
no boat in the boat house
today oh magnesium just what I needed
needed maybe I should have go hugged the
bunny or the the the lamb why did I say
bunny why did I say
bunny hold on why did I say that did
something bunny like come up recently
I'm retracing my steps here I have no
idea where that came
from why did I say
bunny
bunny I'm sorry I'm I'm stuck on this
a scattering of bullet holes is spread
across the cracked wall reaching from
one corner to the
other correct the density of the bullet
holes is unusual even in a general
average Bullet Hole frequency in
Martinez sense Grim Affairs meaning this
is a lot of bullet holes looks like
fully automatic rifle fire something you
don't see these days just execution
Style
the manufacturing and sale of automatic
rifles was curtailed After the
Revolution the destructive power of such
tools proves to be too much we do need
to retain some Humanity in this
world damn even in a world run by cops
somehow they still got a gun control
happening it's
crazy please don't Rollo on a 92 a row
of ghostly Shades stand facing the wall
yeah there are many of them a dozen at
least the heads lowered and eyes
blindfolded it's quiet no sound no
movement 10 m away other shades are
lined up in an orderly manner automatic
rifles prime a gust of wind blows by the
coats of the firing squad flap slowly in
the breeze a single person stands on the
side a long time has passed since the
moment of this fusel aing rain and
briide have since washed all the blood
fting not a trace
remains fting that's that that is a new
word that is a new word for
me
fusting ARA Arch archaic jiren or
present
participle attack or shoot down
by a series of shots fired at the same
time in a quick
succession uhhuh
okay okay the abundance of bullet holes
leads to two options either an
inordinate amount of executions were
performed here or they did not use a
conscience round where only one soldier
has the loaded rifle looks like this was
a mass execution with everyone fully
armed a host of men probably in everyday
clothes ragged from the conflict and
covered in dust they were not sitting a
common practice for executions in some
Nations as demonstrated by the height
level of the bullet holes they stand
facing the war it's impossible to
discern any details about their
personality or
background seven men in combat uniforms
and dark coats holding automatic r
rifles aimed at the people soldiers from
some side but from which
one the commandant the one who gives the
order machine gun fire crackling through
the air the lights of the muzzle flashes
dancing on his face I don't know I don't
know who died here landed beside that
horrible War it could have been any of
the parties involved in the revolution
perhaps the ones executed here were the
loyalist conservatives Kill by the
communist at the start of the Civil War
or it could have been the Communist put
to death during the last stretch of the
conflict by the coition forces remember
what Trent hidle said about
Feld another likely scenario or
maybe yeah it's very unlikely the
Coalition forces were the ones who died
here they were always the last ones
against the world to be honest if a
coalition member was anyone in this
situation it was a commander the
superior giving the orders a cold sea
wind blows away the
figures just an average
Tuesday in the balloon Champions
wondrous
World come on Harry there you
go get get that
$20 I mean 20 cents same thing
right
peo
oh new hat
okay thank
you he took the
Poo all right let's go to smelvin house
and see what's
smelling oh wait I forgot about person
people is this the
hubsand this is the
guy you're the weird one looking for
mysterious
Angels Tire there's 20 cents
11 all right find the one that says nine
dear
fro here we go nice and easy no way out
little guys not out of this gy it's a
you there's a cylinder on the ground in
which the man is arranging some knitting
it looks like some kind of trap he
notices you who's there
oh the police hello officers his
self-conscious enthusiasm renders his
movements ungainly he looks like your
understanding of a scientist is that the
police why are the police here I thought
that a gay the
crypto what
crypto
fascist he kind of does have an Elon
Musk
face doesn't
he yeah you could superimpose the sun to
Elon musk's head and it would probably
work yeah what do you guys
think we should start calling Elon the
crypto fascist and
uh just see what happens don't worry
Gary I'll handle it to what do I owe the
pleasure that's sarcasm he takes no
pleasure from your
appearance of course thank you for
passing along the message that damn
waterlock is broken and we can't go all
the way around the 881 the 881 is a
raised Motorway that separates martines
from Jamrock the Labyrinth of streets
underneath it makes it difficult to pass
not like walking over a nice water
lock oh good we should really be getting
back Gary could use a hot Sher and a
warm bid did he say we can go back now
yes Gary we can go soon if you see Lena
tell her I won't beong sir your wife is
waiting for you I just have to do one
more round see if the fmid has taken the
bait then we going his hands are large
and weather worn but also used to
delicate precise
work well first of all it's damn
difficult to find which is why we've
been knee deep in the reads laying traps
for
it good question being a fmid of the
order fantasmo DEA a ghost insect it
disguises itself as plant matter in this
case the reads awful lot of reeds around
aren't there and I suspect it may have
also developed other specialized
techniques to protect itself from
predators all scientists in our present
case it's my hypothesis that it has
evolved certain Electro chemical
defenses that allow it to interfere with
animal perception impeding patent
recognition confusing the visual cortex
but I cannot describe how these defenses
work much less how they evolve without
studying a live specimen a ghost insect
he said these people are looking for a
ghost no that is precisely what we're
not we are Zoological Specialists
looking for an extand species of fmid
I'm expecting it to be quite giant one
known species of f
called the mega fasmo deenis it's about
the size of a grown man's forearm so
typical rookie
assumption insects are much more
sophisticated creatures than those
unversed in Zoology give them credit for
even simply catching a glimpse of the
insul Indian fmit would be the Apex of
my of any Krypto zoologist career but to
study it and its defenses find out how
it stayed hidden so
long very little I'm sorry to say no
one's ever captured a specimen so all
our information is based on First and
thirdhand accounts not yet that's what
makes it a
crypted just out of curiosity if there's
no proof of its existence how do you
know it's real I know it's
real it's clear that his obsession with
the fmid is driven by something more
than the pure pursuit of scientific
advancement by which I mean I've heard
enough firsthand accounts to believe
quite firmly that the insy Indian fmid
is more than mere
Superstition yes the most recent
sighting was by a couple of teenagers
along the coast here that's what brought
us to Martin a specifically it's the
first credible signing in several DEC
decades admittedly it's an unusual
location for this species but with all
the sewage run off Upstream it probably
doesn't matter much anymore I have to
resist the thought such an extraordinary
creature is doubtlessly highly resilient
after all it's generally thought to be
capable of
pathogenesis he means asexual
reproduction the females of the species
don't need to mate to produce viable
eggs this makes it easier for a species
with a small population to survive shout
out shout out to the ace girl bugs
that's
crazy yes iny Indian fmid is a very
clever insect that's why it's so damn
difficult to catch but as a scientist
I'll try my best to remain
dispassionate well they may not look
impressive
but Lina designed them quite cleverly so
I'm sure they'll do the
trick simple attracted by the locusts
the F mids down the funnel and having
eaten its fil can get back out I heard
there's a room for those at least that's
the intention the net isn't a perfect
solution but we didn't want to use
anything that might damage the
specimen's delicate exoskeleton
yes yes
locusts nearly all known phasmids a
herbivores of course but we've
hypothesized that the insulindian fmid
might occasionally prey on othering I
keep think he's going to call me a slur
inside the traps a number of locusts
crawl and Tumble over one another in a
tiny chittering swarm swarm a meat eaten
stick insect does it pretend to be the
reads as part of his Ambush Behavior
this seems unlikely thank you for your
opinion we have also included plant
material in the traps to satiate your
skepticism they work I assure you the
predatory hypothesis using Locust as
bait accounts for the failure of
previous efforts by other teams which
use plans we have given this some
thought the traps do seem to be defly
and thoughtfully constructed it's clear
the cryptozoologist wife knows what
she's doing yes what and I'm eager to
return to her I assure you but I can't
leave before we finish with these
traps my wife understands that just as
well as
anyone come on morale we've been soaking
out here for days it's time to go back
and leave the traps absolutely not I
won't let Lena down come on she wants us
back I'm soaked up to my nuts over here
we'll both catch Reed crabs if we don't
dry out
soon of course it's important to her
she's seen it a very far sing on record
one of only four the century and it's
hers she's seen
it yeah yes that's how we first came to
know one another in fact but that's her
story to tell not mine suffice to say
it's long been our Dream to find proof
of the insulindian fmid
together I can't abandon course
now no no no the traps need to be
monitored on a regular schedule what
would we do if the fmid were to sta
while we was sitting tea at the
hostel he's dead set on this I could go
for some trap
setting I've just always liked animals
and puzzles searching for Cryptids is a
bit of both
it's not Charles play just because I
have to tra through the mad every so
often no very few cryptids are ever
discovered and not for a lack of trying
to stay hidden is a Cryptids primary
quality it's even in the name Cryptid of
the list of Cryptids kept by the crypto
Zoological Society of shne which is 4,00
82 items long about 2,000 have been
confirmed as hoaxes two are categorized
as confirm discoveries the rest are in
differing stages of Discovery reputation
and data collection yes the shat Quan
Forest pygmy who turned out to be an
extinct species of primate and a cave
salamander from Yugo grad who is
honestly quiet and remarkable Yugo GR we
crypto zoologists are brutally honest
with ourselves more so even than the
public with cryptus mous Cryptids are
hes or they are never found that does
not mean we should stop
searching in fact it is
.5% ever more magnificent should our
contribute to making that number
0.075% he has clearly done his math on
this there is no surprising him or
swaying his
opinion real I know you think onean is a
respectable profession while the other
is superstition everyone
does my methods are the same as those of
other scientists I simply draw Upon a
wider variety of evidence and I have
more hope that something truly
surprising might
happen no as I said I have yet to catch
a crypted although I have come close
close enough to keep
trying interesting something for later
this close call everything from
forgotten Regional L and newspaper
accounts like the one that brought us
here to look for the fman I keep a very
open mind he's interested in things that
people believe that scientists
don't most establishment scientists only
care about reputation and
renumeration not real research and
certainly not the truth they're a
cowardly lot and both the field and
basement arivs can be dangerous places
yes I didn't EXP expect you to take such
an interest in our work here
officer yes indeed both require a great
deal of research attention to detail and
above all
persistence
persistence there are four in total one
is to the South on this little Peninsula
by the boat houses there it's very near
another we set in Land's End to the
Northeast it's behind a small sand June
there on your way to the old radio tower
after the
church the third is set near the canal
where you crossed by a concrete slab a
Big Thicket of reads going up the slope
and among them you should check at least
one of those before returning to this
one since I just said it this one's more
of a technicality but still better safe
and stupid then sorry that seems like a
lot do we really have time for this
extracurricular Venture is
it bring it to me at once just make sure
the Trap is closed
tight he's not comfortable with the
possibility that you claim the find but
he's lying about this even to himself
that's highly unlikely officer but in
the event you
do I'll spray you with a pheromone
mixture I developed it's made of mask
and research chemicals the pheromone
should attract the insect to you or at
least prevent it from bolting at the
side of here it's quite potent will last
you about a week
Wise
Choice this is the smell of dying reads
of longing crumbling into the water I
hope you're not buying this it dispenses
it without letting you touch the
canister so it would be precious like
holy water it is precious a single dose
cost me 50 R to develop not that I
expect you to understand self financing
one's own
research right which means you you can
pack up and go back to the boiling
finally someone's talking sense thank
you for your help Gary and I will start
breaking down Camp if you have any more
questions Now's the Time to ask we'll be
gone once you get to it if it's more
crypted related business you want to
discuss you'll have time for that later
too but what if the information is vital
on the hunt what about his eager to
leave friend Gary there talk to him too
perhaps
all right what Cryptids precisely I
usually discuss these things with
Specialists so I don't know
what what a willow person oh it's a long
story one nonspecialists would find
rather D I accidentally clicked too fast
Willow people not at
all they're not people really some argue
they aren't really the animals they seem
to have evolved directly from
trees they're very very thin almost flat
in fact and can camouflage themselves
easily wrapping themselves around trees
and blending in with the tree bark in
that way they're not too dissimilar from
the fa mid we're looking for
here G and I painted an entire Groves
worth of trees in slow drying paint it
was a bright lavender color I was hoping
one of the willow people would get paint
on it and not be able to camouflage
itself after waiting in hiding for hours
I saw a figure slip from one of the
trees allab into the shadow dashing
through the Grove I chased it with a
knit not very elegant you can't be
elegant in the field and well it was
faster than me
a lavender
Shadow I know you think we were snacking
on Fanny mushrooms it's easier to mock
someone and to admit that the world
might be more interesting than you've
imagined
furthermore I'm not saying it was a
confirmed sighting I'm painfully aware
of what goes into verifying such things
there is a serious possibility that I
saw a squirrel or a trick of the light I
am my own harshest critic he makes it a
real Point here to sound
falsifiable
confirmed it's 100% verified and meets
all the standards of an authentic
crypted
sighting no offense officer but I'm not
much of a pedagogue I don't know what I
would have done if Lena hadn't persuaded
me to go back to field research you
should ask her if you want interesting
stories hey I'm not a people person
unless you haven't noticed and I don't
make a good lecturer my strength lies in
fiiled work and
persistence thank you for telling me
your story Tri Friend by all
means actual art
degree trite contrived mediocre milk
toast
amateurish infantile cliche and goria
ridden peon to conformism I [__] me a
front to humanity War crime should
literally be tried for war crimes
resolutely [__] lacking in imagination
uninformed reimagining of lip wristed
premature informed attempt at Talent
Fest ristic ship pedler pedantic
listless savagely boring just one
repulsive laugh after
another holy [__] why did you turn me
into a ratee music
commenter okay well what does being a r
your music user give
me
okay all
right I'm shaking all the time
good that was
good hello I'm Gary very generous of you
to help us out Officer Gary what makes
you the crypto fascist yellow man I mean
officer
oh the lieutenant raises his eyebrows
slightly and takes out his notebook I
think I figured out what makes him the
crypto
fascist yellow man interesting this is
something to ask him about after a
little probing first I'm just waiting
for my friend Morel to finish up with
his insect traps so we can return to
civilization I like nature just not this
bloody Coast it's mostly drunks and
degenerates that come here is that why
you're here Gary degenerates this man
respects authority too much to see the
truth inscribed upon thine own Visage
pretend thou art a paragon of
virtue oh I've been
tempted but someone has to stay strong
for
revon he pronounces revon with a hard k
like other
people why why does the game keep
bringing up the mug I picked up on
accident I like to pronounce it the hard
way the old way the vespertine way the
stupid way yes logic you've got it down
it's a secret right a very Fringe
nationalist handshake probably
no no I help Morel with research
sometimes and I've learned some things
along the way but I don't usually going
for picnics like this on my own after
all this time with Morel he must have an
opinion on Cryptids this could lead to a
good
one oh yes the burning Rhino Morel
doubts he's real but I don't much care
because I won't be the one looking for
him out in s Sarai AR ous that looks
ordinary during the day but Burns
brightly by night well at least the
males do they have special ducts just
above their shoulder blades that secrete
A combustible fluid when the Rhino is
just beginning to light itself it looks
as though it has Wings of Fire but how
is this combustible fluid
lit the Rhino starts running very fast
to build heat then stops raises its head
and sparks fly from its neck setting its
back Ablaze yeah well Revol used to be a
flaming Rhino once a long time ago that
seems unlikely too doesn't it super
solid argument Gary can't argue with
that the Flames are not just for
decoration they are an integral part of
the beast's mating behavior during the
burning rhinos mating season herds of
male rhinos all a flame encircle herds
of female rhinos forming a fiery ring as
they begin to copulate loudly local
peasants call it the passion ring they
fear the Rhinos as perhaps they should
anyway the lieutenant sze without
looking up from his notes it's clear the
burning Rhino is De to him on many
levels some even spiritual
oh so that's what the RCM in Martine is
about great great to hear someone's
finally taking care of that so you do
know something about it no
no nothing he was some kind of mercenary
but everyone here knows that I'm just
glad to hear you're looking into it
that's all he's not feeling very comfy
in his clothes is he strange he didn't
kill him or anything but there's
something going on
here
yeah I want to save cuz I I want to
bring up the others Parts too always a
pleasure to see an officer of the law I
mean
officers okay
um in my mind I want to hold up the mg
and taunt him but I'm scared that game
it's going to be like they're hanging
out but we will see I have quick saved
my mug why would you think that his eyes
widen at the sight of the mug he's seen
it before all
right this is the
guy how do you mean forgive me officer
but we've only just met he is trying to
avoid lying to you outright in case you
really have been to his
apartment okay okay I admit it I threw
the mug away in the trash container
behind the
hostel I know I shouldn't have and I am
very sorry you're not going to find me
are you
oh God
250 how am I going to pay
that okay I'll work harder I'll pay it
off I promise this is a considerable
expense to him one month's wage most
likely logic don't guil me here and I'll
never do it again I don't know what got
into me really work has been stressful
lately damn koo's price dumping us out
of competition
Gary what did you do Gary nothing
nothing just answering some questions
helping out the
law officer please let me explain it's
not like that I was only cleaning up I
live right across the yard from where
you was had and I saw him stripped naked
all the clothes lying around in the yard
smelling people are animals you know
then I came out to clean up the rags
because no one else
would I put them into the whirlings
trash along with a broken mug admittedly
okay I was coming to throw the mug away
and well I threw the mug there and the
clothes too right it was just civic duty
exactly that's exactly what it was civic
duty as he shifts uncomfortably a series
of clicks like the clinking of glass
beads against one another as they roll
across a oddwood floor you've heard this
sound before but
where armor no I I mean yes of course I
know he was wearing armor but I don't
know anything about it an infant could
see he's not telling the truth but he's
too scared to admit more wrongdoing this
something going on here you should
observe him more closely after this
topic is
concluded what
sound
really there's lots of weird stuff out
here in the reads though insects trash
could be the wind shifting some garbage
nearby every day the wind shifts the
reads and whatever was left in them
tambourines and condom wrappers plastic
and glass botles the smell of Decay
thank you shers I know a guy who works
with the trash collection Services CS
Municipal he gave me a master key for
the trash containers of Martina why so I
can use the whirlings trash compactor to
store my own stuff garbage disposal is
expensive as hell the damn himans run it
like a mob I'm sorry okay I thought I
could cut costs I shouldn't have I
shouldn't have to disg graced myself
true disgraced no need for the
histrionic sir it was after all just a
trash container he studies his reaction
Gary doesn't answer I hope I could help
your investigation in my small
way not many seites here or anywhere
other than S I meant no offense truly do
you remember how when we met measurehead
and I said the next races will be a
really good one
well this is that
racist hey man all I meant was there are
not many seites around here I'm just
stating a
fact no no problem at all
okay one more quick save on this and
then we do uh always a pleasure I mean
do this officers is he he's looking I'm
playing this game the way it was
intended always a pleasure I mean off
AER that shirt looks very uncomfortable
on him look at the buttons barely
keeping that thing together as if
something is ready to rip out out from
underneath yes like a piece of ceramic
armor for example one that makes a
clicking sound when the plates meet each
other resembling pearls or marbles
stolen from the corpse in the yard near
where he
lives I knew you'd figure it out officer
I'm sorry I didn't tell you it once I
was I was ashamed of what I did and I
didn't want you to know
we're not detecting falsehood s he's gar
enough to admit the truth Gary what's
going on Morel I've got apologizing to
do no you've got explaining to
do everyone was picking those pieces off
him and I was watching them do it and
they scattered his clothes all over the
yard hard everything was smelling so I
went there to take out the trash and
started cleaning up all those Rags on
the ground him swinging up there and I
had a lapse of Honor sir I thought he's
a foreigner they all say he wasn't from
here only the carass was left so I
stripped it off him it was early in the
morning no one saw me I took it with me
it was a
mistake had I known it it give you guys
trouble I I I wouldn't have [__] we're
detecting sincere Contrition here s he's
not trying to flatter anyone it's okay
it was a loose end and you are tiny T
now I'm so [__] sorry I called you
yellow man seite officers commanded the
suzerain's Navy most of them sided with
the King when they were thoroughly
conservative men he realizes suddenly
he sigh again hangs his head and
unbuttons his shirt fully airus that
matches the dead man's boots comes into
view soon it is in your hands smelling
of is sweat but so so light to hold like
a bag of
cotton because I was
weak I should have told you the moment I
saw you but the hell Gary you in trouble
I'll explain later
I always thought it was the union some
Union hard asses lynched him because of
the strike but almost everyone in town
knows that I wish I could tell you more
this is all he knows yes absolutely I
will never do anything like this
again so is he actually a racist or is
he just an
idiot well I mean does go hand in hand
but I mean an idiot to not understand
it what a confusing
lad
okay it is 5: in the morning
come on you can do
it it is 5: in the morning for
me go run over to
the to the
chorch and then I'll stop there
still have the poop jacket which I do
not
appreciate
okay
[Music]
um yes BTY so
true um I will stop for now here and
uh thanks for
showing up for the balloon champion and
his Wicked
Ways this Kitty becomes the new Ballo
balloon Champion oh wait I forgot we had
[Music]
this oh let me looks like he's falling
apart let me look like he falling apart
let me use my friend with the broken
heart let me
with
broken
okay thanks for coming to stream and uh
we'll continue next time I don't even
know how far into the game we are
technically so it's a long
game it's a long game but I keep letting
all the voice lines play out and reading
things and like paying attention like a
good like a good
gamer buying at the
B
[Music]
bye but uh yeah
farewell oh yeah